hey guys welcome to my channel today's
video is all about the Estancia shadow
Couture world travelers I shadow palette
yeah that's what it says and I wanted to
get it right so I'm going to do some
quick comparisons of the other palettes
that she's released just because I've
heard a lot of people think that they're
just all the same and I want to hear
your thoughts on that cell will do that
will do some swatches and then we'll get
into this tutorial so shall we get
started I have been just hearing things
um a lot of people think that anastacio
shadow palettes are very repetitive and
so forth so I want to share the
comparisons with you and I want to hear
your thoughts I want to know what you
think so this is the ammo to BC and this
is the shadow couture here's the tamano
power and then here's the shadow couture
here's the Miami
Thank You bear
see artists palette this is the shadow
tell me what you guys think do you guys
think that all the pallets are the same
let's get us some swatches and the tutor
Oh
with my Sigma E loading let's go into
the collar Morocco right here and just
buff that
me 55 I have been dying to get into this
intense blaze color here
this is the brush that came with the
palette
with my Chanel number 12 it's like a
teper fluffy push let's take fudge is
pretty brown and buff that into my
crease and outer crease area
little definition to our artists see
with my Sigma e36 it's a very small
blending brush I'm going to take nor the
black and buff that in put that in my
outer V
the blending side of the brush that came
with the palette clean up any harsh
edges got my little paws on the new make
up forever HD foundation so this is what
I'll bees so I'm gonna apply my
foundation my concealer and I'll be
right back so how about we finish these
asses I want to take this collar here
metallic and pop it in
sigma e 70 I'm going to grab soft peach
and highlight my brow bone
my pencil brush let's go back in with
Morocco and add a little something to
our lower lash
um thinking about pink champagne here
I'm gonna pop that on my lid
backing was intense glaze on the other
portion of the lid
marc jacobs Heighliner blacker I'm just
going to tightline a little bit
I have on the ink liner in trooper out
the make up for ever pro bronze fusion I
am using the color 35 I just take my mac
168 go but up I'm biron's me a little
bit love this bronzer now I'm going to
take my by Terry blush in beach boom
beach bomb looks like that with my lane
class number 14
now the best part champagne pop same
Wayne Goss number 14 if you don't have
this please get it it's amazing now for
the lips hi I'm going to use one of the
new kat von d liquid lipsticks this one
is in mother
I think we need some lashes oh I'd be
right back nice and wispy